docs/Tasks.md, before:

To-Do
[ ] Improve prompt engineering to get better responses. Do shorter texts in general and sometimes recommend the best way to split a message in 2-3 to sound more natural. (Mid)(Important)
[ ] The bot seems to lose track of things as the conversation grows. Improve (Hard)(Important)
[ ] It shouldn't always give me 2-3 suggestions. Sometimes one is okay, or just a normal reply message.

[ ] Guardar recuerdos en base a las cosas que ve en las fotos o que le digo. (Hard)
[ ] Registering should give some feedback and notice to verify email. (Small)
[ ] Add a custom nick to the thread based on the initial message and image. (Small)
[ ] A new thread shouldn't be created until the first message is processed. (Mid)
[ ] Hitting enter in the chat input should send the message. (Small)
[ ] Check if multiple image uploads is working. (Mid)
[ ] Upload chats from user to copy their style. (Mid)
[ ] Do react native app for phone. (Hard)
[ ] I should be able to delete a conversation and it should delete everything in the DB. (Small)
[ ] Save the actual images in the database and display in the UI to the right. (Hard)
[ ] Integrate Cypress or Playwright for automated E2E testing. (Hard)
[ ] Hacer que image upload sea un drop down zone tambien (Small)
[ ] Integrate Taskmaster for task managing.

Doing
[ ] Save image description info for all photos uploaded. (Hard)

Done

Commit message:

Storing images and showing on chat.

docs/Tasks.md, after:

To-Do
[ ] Improve prompt engineering to get better responses. Do shorter texts in general and sometimes recommend the best way to split a message in 2-3 to sound more natural. (Mid)(Important)
[ ] The bot seems to lose track of things as the conversation grows. Improve (Hard)(Important)
[ ] It shouldn't always give me 2-3 suggestions. Sometimes one is okay, or just a normal reply message.
[ ] Guardar recuerdos en base a las cosas que ve en las fotos o que le digo. (Hard)
[ ] Registering should give some feedback and notice to verify email. (Small)
[ ] Add a custom nick to the thread based on the initial message and image. (Small)
[ ] A new thread shouldn't be created until the first message is processed. (Mid)
[ ] Hitting enter in the chat input should send the message. (Small)
[ ] Upload chats from user to copy their style. (Mid)
[ ] Do react native app for phone. (Hard)
[ ] I should be able to delete a conversation and it should delete everything in the DB. (Small)
[ ] Save the actual images in the database and display in the UI to the right. (Hard)
[ ] Integrate Cypress or Playwright for automated E2E testing. (Hard)
[ ] Hacer que image upload sea un drop down zone tambien (Small)
[ ] Integrate Taskmaster for task managing.
[ ] If I'm taking photos from Tinder it should store a bunch of info / tags that come from the description and Tinder info.

Doing
[ ] Check if multiple image uploads is working. (Mid)
[ ] I should store the actual photos in my DB and display them in the chat. (Mid)


Done
[x] Save image description info for all photos uploaded. (Hard)
